//HARLEY RICHARDSON, ALEXANDER SCHLUNT

1. Each character can only be chosen once, no duplicate selections.

First, display all available characters and their stats. Then, prompt the players
to enter their names and select a lion character.

After selecting a character and before the first turn, players also choose
their Path Type, which is either Cub Training or Straight to the Pride Lands (see Path Types).

each path has the same number of normal and special tiles

For each turn in the game, you should display the Main Menu, including the current position of players
on the board and a relevant Main Menu for the space the player is currently on (see Main Menu in Feature
Requirements)

Each player begins with 20,000 Pride Points before choosing their Path Type

values for Stamina, Strength, and Wisdom cannot go below 100 Points throughout the entire game. If the
values are below 100, default them to 100.

During game setup, ask each player to choose one of two path types

Cub Training:
This path equips your lion character with essential Leadership Traits—Stamina, Strength, and Wisdom—
needed for future leadership. The training requires an investment of -5,000 Pride Points from the starting
number of Pride Points; this symbolizes the time and resources dedicated to developing these skills instead
of gaining Pride Points. This path also adds 500 Stamina Points, 500 Strength Points, and 1,000 Wisdom
Points to the starting amount of your character’s Leadership Traits before you start the journey. Choosing
this path allows your character to grow and mature, gaining valuable abilities at the expense of early
progress. Although this path slows down your initial Pride Point accumulation, the boost in key traits and
the opportunity to select an advisor for mentorship prepare your character for greater challenges and future
leadership potential.
• Advisor Choice: If the player selects Cub Training, they will be prompted to choose an advisor who
grants a unique special ability that protects them during random events that have a negative influence
on their Pride Points (please see Advisor List).


Straight to the Pride Lands:
This option lets your lion character jump directly into life on the Savannah with an immediate boost of
+5,000 Pride Points from the starting number of Pride Points, allowing early progression and quick success
in achieving intermediate goals. This path adds 200 Stamina Points, 200 Strength Points, and 200 Wisdom
Points to the starting amount of your character’s Leadership Traits before you start the journey, leaving your
character with fewer resources to prepare for more diﬀicult situations. Also, you do not get an initial Advisor
if you choose this path. Although this path offers a strong head start, it lacks the long-term resilience and
special abilities that could be gained through mentorship in Cub Training, making it a riskier approach to
becoming a Pride Leader.

